Suggest using `compat` to choose versions of packages (#3704)
JuliaLang/Pkg.jl: docs/src/managing-packages.md

Since standard libraries (e.g. ` Dates`) are shipped with Julia, they do not have a version.

> To specify that you need a particular version (or set of versions) of a package, use the `compat` commad. For example,

Author: ```suggestion
To specify that you want a particular version (or set of versions) of a package, use the `compat` command. For example,
```

to require any patch release of the v0.21 series of JSON after v0.21.4, call `compat JSON 0.21.4`:

```julia-repl
(@1.11) pkg> compat JSON 0.21.4
      Compat entry set:
  JSON = "0.21.4"
     Resolve checking for compliance with the new compat rules...
       Error empty intersection between JSON@0.21.3 and project compatibility 0.21.4 - 0.21
  Suggestion Call `update` to attempt to meet the compatibility requirements.

> (@1.11) pkg> up

Reviewer: Just in case the person reading doesn't know `up` == `update` which was mentioned 
```suggestion
(@1.11) pkg> update
```
